Multi-arch support for hosts(nixosConfigurations) (#161)
divnix/devos: hosts/README.md

Additionally, this is the perfect place to import anything you might need from
the [nixos-hardware][nixos-hardware] repository.

You can set the option `nixpkgs.system` to indicates the host system's 
architecture. This will result in the host getting an instance of nixpkgs for 

> that architecture. The definition must be one exported by the nixpkgs flake.

Author: Does this sound ok?

> You can set the option `nixpkgs.system` to indicates the host system's 
> architecture. This will result in the host getting an instance of nixpkgs for 
> that architecture. The definition must be one exported by the nixpkgs flake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `nixpkgs.system` to the architecture of this host. Keep in mind 
that mostly not all packages are available for all architectures.
```

Author: Yeah I like that better.

Additionally, this is the perfect place to import anything you might need from
the [nixos-hardware][nixos-hardware] repository.

> Set `nixpkgs.system` to the architecture of this host, default is "x86_64-linux". 

Reviewer 2: I would make this a note. As the continuation from the previous paragraph doesn't really flow well. Plus, we want it to stand out so users don't overlook this information.

so Just
> ##### _Note_:
> Set `nixpkgs.system` to the architecture of this host, default is "x86_64-linux". ...

Other than that. I think this is ready

Author: Good idea, that looks better. Can you look at the update. I followed the format of notes from the docs folder.

Reviewer 2: Almost there. The format I've used throughout the docs so far includes blockquotes and a level 5 header.

```markdown
> ##### _Note:_
> Some cool note.
```
or for multiple notes:

```markdown
> ##### _Notes:_
> * A note
> * Another note
```

Author: Ok got it, should be fixed now

Author: Missed the blockquotes. I think its good now.
